CHANGES: more updates for 24.0 release (#1465)
labgrid-project/labgrid: CHANGES.rst

- The pyproject.toml gained a config for `ruff <https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff>`_.
- ``setuptools_scm`` is now used to generate a version file.
- labgrid-client console will fallback to telnet if microcom is not available.
- A power backend for tinycontrol.eu IP Power Socket 6G10A v2 was added.
- Labgrid now publishes arm64 docker images.

> - labgrids YAML parser will now warn when keys are duplicated and thus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Labgrid's YAML parser will now warn when mapping keys are duplicated and thus
```
